welcome to module 1 lesson six account
review this is the first step of the a
par Google ads audit checklist let's
open up our audit checklist template and
get started all right so we're diving
here into the audit checklist again if
you don't have it check it out in the
description below or in your workbook
but we're going to open up the audit
checklist and we're going to make a copy
of this for a working Doc and I'm going
to actually audit a real client account
that we just started with so we can see
how they're doing and I always tell
clients um the old carpenter reference
you got to measure cut once and whenever
you're inheriting a new Google ad
account you should always start off with
an audit so I'm just going to call this
example client because for the sake of
privacy obviously I can't show you guys
their name and stuff like that this is
sensitive information but I'm just going
to click file make a copy and now I have
my own uh version of this checklist
document here so we're going to close
these other ones out and all right let's
dive into it so account review this is
pretty straightforward so number one is
uh is our billing information
up to date so let's see here we're going
to come into the client's account we're
just going to do a quick check here if
we go to billing and you can go under
settings just make sure you don't see
anything flagging usually Google have
like a banner around like um some sort
of issue around payment just you want to
make sure you can just what I do is I
look at the payment method on file so
I'll look at the Cardone file and then
I'll just send a note to the client or
if you're internal you can send a note
to whoever internally is responsible for
the card own file and I'll just ask him
like Hey does this make sense is this
still the right card and it's really as
simple as that all right so our billing
information is correct it's it's pretty
straightforward so I'm going to mark
this complete here 100% moving on is our
time zone correct so this one is really
annoying because Google allows you to
set the time zone uh once you create the
account and to be able to change the
time zone you're going to have to reach
out to Google support I've heard stories
of people being able to change the time
zone where they've reached out to
support other times that they're not
able to uh you'll have to see for
yourself uh to reach out to support you
can just click help and then uh from
here just scroll down and there's this
little button says contact us and then
you can get in contact with Google
support but to see your account settings
just come over here to settings account
settings and then this is where you can
see all your account settings here so
we'll come back to this in a second but
here under time zone this is where you
can see the time zone of the account
so with that they are in Pacific time
which is good and this is important
because if you're setting an ad schedule
if you only want your ads a show let's
say Monday to Friday 8: a.m. to 5:00
p.m. you want it to be 800 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. based on your time zone uh if you
have this let's say as eastern time but
you're thinking it's 800 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. Pacific that's going to cause
issues because eastern time is 3 hours
ahead of Pacific so just something to be
mindful of so I'm going to go ahead and
uh and Mark this
one complete
so we're good
there next up payment details up to date
so our our payment details up to dat so
we uh we already we already got that one
covered it's kind of like two for one
there so we can move on do you have Auto
tagging turned on so Auto tagging is uh
really important
because it automatically tags your url
with the appropriate uh parameters so
that all the parameters are attached to
the URL so that you're able to track
everything from a lead routing and
Reporting perspective so simple as just
make sure this is on and it's uh it's
good to go so we're going to mark that
complete okay do you did you turn off ad
suggestions so if you've ever had a like
you go into your Google ad account and
then you notice a bunch of changes
happened without you applying them you
can actually go into the change history
of your account and see what those
changes were but uh let me just show you
how to turn off so if you go here to
recommendations and under
recommendations you click Auto apply
you're going to want to make sure you
turn off all of the all of the
recommendations that are not uh that
that basically are not relevant that you
don't want I personally like to turn
them all off so I can see this client
has a few of them on right now so I
might turn off some of them but uh
basically you can you can select them
all and then you can deselect select all
deselect click save and then now you
don't have to worry don't worry about it
you don't have uh any any changes being
made on Google's part without your
knowledge or consent so let's go Ahad
and Mark that
complete okay is your conversion
tracking still working accurately this
is really important so if your
conversion tracking is not working
accurately you need to know the way you
can figure it out is if you go to
conversions just take a look at your
different conversion actions that you've
set up and you're going to want to make
sure you actually see activity so if you
don't see any activity and you've been
running Google ad campaigns so in the
case of this client they've been running
Google ad campaigns we auditing their
account and I can see activity from
their conversion events so that tells me
that this looks good I see demo requests
platforms so all their primary
conversion actions that they want to
track have activity and the status is
active which is good anything that says
needs attention you can look into it and
then see what's going on in QA and make
sure that that's tracking properly so
we're good there
and we're going to mark that complete
and then the last one is do you have
Auto tagging turned on which uh this is
actually a duplicate so I'm going to
delete this so no worries there and
we're good to go so just like that you
can go through your account review and
make sure you have all these different
steps applied your action item for this
lesson is to review your account
settings and Mark each completed step
within the checklist template I hope you
received a ton of value so far please
share ad conversion with your colleagues
or leave us a testimonial we appreciate
your help see you in the next one
[Music]